# Week 1
My name is Matthew Soeum, im 17 years old. I am a running start student coming out of franklin pierce high school. Im in a family of six, I am a twin and my two other brothers are also twins. I was born in Tacoma Washington but both of my parents were born in Cambodia.
My initial thoughts of Technical writing were incorrect. I came into the class with zero prior knowledge of what the class was. When we were told to write what we thought the clas was I wrote," The technicality of writing". I was thinking that the class would show me the basics in all types of writings the rights and wrongs of the writings. Then Mr Loan defined it as writing that is like instructions. Which is more applicable in the real job world like computer jobs etc. So my intitial thoughts of technical writing was completely incorrect.
When we started the process of making a github account and making a repository i founf it very confusing. This was because ive never used the website before. but with more practice im Probably going to get the hang of it hopefully. I found the whole repository and .md thing confusing. I do like the concept of the master branch and other branches. I think its very useful because you can see your own progress.
I think that the target audience for the programming historian are for students or people trying to develop an understanding on specific things. It includes things for teaching the audience and which is why its for those who want to learn. The audience for the pierce hacker is students and staff of pierce. The program provides information helpful for those. The writers publish this their media publicly because its helpful to others. People can use their information for the benefit of themselves. 
This week ive learned quite a bit. I finally learned what technical writing was haha. I somewhat learned how to use github.I may not be very good at it but im the bare minimum.I'll keep learning because this website is crucial for my success in this class.


# Week 2
The process to building THE ULTIMATE RAFT : I initially struggled on just the idea of what i was going to do. I started making a spaceship and then at the end it turned out looking more like a raft. So i just made it as a raft instead. When writing the steps I first had my troubles when I had to name the pieces. There was a very weird piece in particular that i had no idea how to name. It looked like the letter U and V put together. I asked jason for help but he answered my question with the same question then just said to describe it, but i have a feeling he also didnt know haha. I just described it and i also did the same for y other lego parts. I also chose google slides as my platform of presentation because to me it looked as the best way to display it over just a google doc where its just like a paper and google slides is similar to a booklet.
I believe that my target audience would be for children of sorts. I think this because i simplified my language in my instructions so that it was so much easier to understand. When i had to make a class mates lego set his instructions were pretty sophisticated and so im sure his target audience would be for older people.
I chose google slides as my platform to display my instructions. What influenced me was this style seemed very simple. There'd be one set of instructions (steps) on one slide and just progress. Rather a google doc where all the instructions would be so cramped up. Also to me it felt that google slides was just like a booklet. I'd rather read a booklet than one long papeer of instructions.
I think that a major key that i learned was that feedback is very important. When I was sharing my instructions i watched my class mate with a sense of curiosity if it was going to work. I wanted to know what he thought and if it was going to work. Luckily it worked but the most important part for me was his feed back. He told me ways to fix certain steps to help the fluidity of the instructions. His feed bak was very critical for my final instructions and he easily made it more better. Which is why it was the most important thing i learned.
 [My Lego Instruction Design](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/11VEJQFhLEwrzDc-B-_1YVolafslyk7m79OdTO1VKZWg/edit?usp=sharing)


# Week 3
At first i thought making a survey was going to be a breeze. We first started composing our questions for the survey and we thought we were good. Then jason tells us that our questions need to be more easy and applicable to our surveyors. This changed most of our questions because our questions wouldve made our readers bored because theyd have to read it and actually think about and compose their own written response. And so we made all of our questions multiple choice,this was to accommodate our surveyors.When making a survey its important to accomodate your surveyors because in the end theyre the ones taking your survey. So you want to get their interests and take little of their time.
The pierce hacker audience Audience is the students. We are making the survey for the hackere project so we can find out what things we can better inform these students on. The purpose of this project is to help students with things they might need help on by making tutorials and instructions for them thus then progressing their learning. Jason decided to deliver this project on a public website because the projects sole purpose is to help the students with things they need help on. So making the website public makes it accessible to the students who need it.
I larned this week that when making a survey the survey needs to be easy and to accomodate the surveyors.If its it doesnt accomodate and isnt easy the surveyors arent going to want to take your survey. The surveyors want to be in and out quickly and so a
